This document summarizes one possible route through the plando. There may be other faster or more convenient routes.
There are many possible safeties that can be added (getting swim items from Colosseum, getting mask shards or notches or charms or nail upgrades, getting level 2 spells).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhaust Quirrels dialogue and reload the room to get Temple Exterior Bench.
Warp to Temple Exterior (05).

Equip Mark of Pride.
Go east and collect 85 geo from the Myla soul totem.
Lever skip down to buy Prophet's Gate Bench from Crossroads_Stag.
Go to False Knight and collect both items (65 geo, Right Mothwing Cloak).
Continue to buy Crossroads Elevator Bench from Crossroads Map.
Go down and to the right toward Goam Mask Shard. Use Mark of Pride to background pogo up and get the King's Idol there.
Warp to Prophet's Gate (19).

Unequip Mark of Pride.
Go down to Upper Deepnest Map and buy Watcher's Skyway Bench.
Warp to Watcher's Skyway (23).

Head down and collect Longnail from left city rancid egg.
Sell the King's Idol to Lemm.
Get Left Mothwing Cloak from rafters seal.
Continue to get Duranda's Trial Bench from Nailsmith Bench and buy Nail 1.
Warp to Crossroads Elevator (06).

Go right to Salubra and buy Dirtmouth Stag. Rescue Sly. (journal at shops totem, 150 geo from gruz mother)
Warp to last bench, then go to Dirtmouth and buy Howling Wraiths from Sly. (costs 120)
? Buy Ancient Nest Bench from Sly? (costs 400)
Warp to Temple Exterior (05).

Go to Brooding Mawlek and get Ancestral Mound Bench. (journal at upper totem, 80 geo at lower totem)
Warp to Ancestral Mound (03).
Get Baldur Cavern bench from Vengeful Spirit.
Get Gulka Gulley bench from Soul Catcher. (journal at lower totem, 200 geo at cocoon)
Warp to Gulka Gulley (09).

Get Abyss Workshop bench from Greenpath chest.
Warp to Abyss Workshop (40) and get dive from void tendrils.
Warp back to Gulka Gulley (10) and navigate to Greenpath Map, for Inner Sanctum Bench.
Warp to Inner Sanctum (25) and defeat Soul Master, for Right Crystal Heart.

Warp to Duranda's Trial (10) and navigate to Hornet for Fungal Tower bench. (200 geo at Thorns, seal at cloak)
Warp to Fungal Tower (18). Buy Millibelle bench from Leg Eater.
Head down to get Acid Sluice West bench from Fungal Wastes map. (160 geo from sporg seal)
Warp to Acid Sluice West (29), and head down to broken bridge journal for Remote Acid Sluice bench.
Warp to Remote Acid Sluice (30), and head down to east waterways egg for Right Mantis Claw.

Warp to Temple Exterior (05) and navigate to Goam entry, for Crystal Cavern bench. (journal at totem)
Warp to Crystal Cavern (47) and navigate to Crystal Crawler journal, for Left Crystal Heart.
Continue down, open the gate to Crystal Heart, and rest at Crusher Refuge bench.
Get Vengeful Spirit at Crystal Heart (seal at split CH). Warp to last bench.
Get King's Pass bench at Deep Focus. Warp to last bench.
Get Crystallized Mound bench at Crystal Peak map. Warp to last bench.
Descend to the bottom of peak and get Crypts bench from the dark room egg.

Warp to King's Pass (00), and get Elevator Pass from Fury of the Fallen. (seal at cocoon)
Warp to Crypts (52), and get Ornate Door bench from the soul totem under Xero.
Warp to Baldur Cavern (02), and get Overgrown Mound bench from Baldur Shell.
Warp to Overgrown Mound bench (16) and get Queen's Station Stag from Howling Wraiths.
Optional: warp to Crossroads Elevator (06) and stag to Queen's Station to get Lumafly Lantern from QS mask shard.
Warp to Millibelle (14) and navigate to the Fog Canyon lifeblood cocoon for Elegant Key, with a nearby Full Mask.
Warp to Ornate Door (26) and get Left Mantis Claw from Shade Soul.

Warp to Crystal Mound (50) and get Shaman Stone from Descending Dark.
Warp to Acid Sluice West (29) and ascend to get the following:
- Hermit Approach bench at Flukenest
- King's Brand at Dung Defender Idol
- Mantis Hub bench at Waterways map.

Warp to Hermit Approach (32) and go down to Junk Pit to get a Simple Key from the left chests and Monarch Wings from Godtuner.
Warp to Mantis Hub (21) and rescue Bretta.
Warp to Crypts (52) and take the elevator. Buy Far Basin bench from King's Station Stag and pick up Grimmchild above the station.
Stag to Dirtmouth. Get Zote's Folly bench from Bretta mask shard. Buy Ancient Nest bench from Sly if you didn't earlier.

Warp to Zote's Folly (36), and collect the White Fragment from the King's Idol.
Go into dark Deepnest to get Shade Cloak from the soul totem below Mask Maker.
Warp to Ancient Nest (35). Get Weaver's Den bench from Sharp Shadow.
Warp to Weaver's Den (37). Get King's Door bench from the geo chest.
Warp to King's Door (39). Hit the lighthouse lever.
Warp to Abyss Workshop (40). Carry the lifeblood from the bench back to the main Abyss room.
Get Shopkeeper's key from the LBC egg, and a White Fragment from LBC.

Warp to Far Basin (38).
Get Destroyed Tram from Monarch Wings.
Warp to Destroyed Tram (58). Get Hidden Station from the Tramway cocoon.

Warp to Crossroads Elevator (06) and equip Grimmchild. 
Stag to Hidden Station, and buy Throne Approach bench. Stag to Dirtmouth.
Buy Path Midpoint bench from Sly.
Defeat Grimm for Distant Village Stag.

Warp to Throne Approach (56) and get Dream Nail from King Fragment.
Warp to Path Midpoint and get Dream Gate from the hidden totem in the third PoP room.
Warp to King's Door (39) and equip Kingsoul. Go to Birthplace to get Thorny Respite bench and Archive bench.
Warp to Thorny Respite (55) and climb to get Awoken Dream Nail from the east palace totem.

Warp to Far Basin and get Tram Pass from the Basin pale ore. 
Tram to lower Kingdom's Edge, and navigate to Kingdom's Edge map to buy Hornet's Outpost bench.
Warp to Hornet's Outpost (46), and defeat Hornet 2 for Hive Hideaway bench.
Warp to Hive Hideaway (44), and defeat Hive Knight for Spirits' Glade bench. (Hiveblood is at the mask shard)
Warp to Spirits' Glade (51), and collect Resting Grounds stag from the idol.

Warp to Prophet's Gate (19) and collect Fungal Core bench from Spore Shroom.
Warp to Fungal Core (20) and navigate to super secret seal for City Storerooms stag.

Warp back Millibelle and go to Canyon End bench to get Dark Gardens bench.
Continue to Fog Canyon map to buy Lake of Unn bench.
Get Queen's Gardens Stag from Love Key. Collect 3 essence from the root.
Warp to Crossroads Elevator and leave a dream gate at the stag. Stag to QG.
Get King's Station Stag from Queen Fragment.
Dream gate back to the stag and stag to HS.
Enter palace the intended way to get Crossroads Stag from the totem in the second room.

Warp to Lake of Unn (07) and Unn skip to get Greenpath Stag from Unn.
Dream gate back to the stag and stag to Stag Nest. Pick up Beast's Den bench from the stag.

Warp to Watcher's Skyway and cross through the fountain to reach the spire. Climb to get Lurien.
Warp to Archive to get Monomon.
Warp to Beast Den to get Herrah.
Warp to start to defeat the Radiance!!! (the final fragment is at World Sense)